Lesson: youtube
Transcribed: 2026-08-25 13:21:19 (Deepgram nova-3, pre-recorded)

[00:01] Student: Thanks for joining us on the Code Review Weekly Workshop. Since I have the first item on the agenda, I'll share my screen. And by first item, I mean the only item.

[00:16] Student: I wanted to share this kind of an update to a MR that we approached earlier in the Code Review Weekly workshop. This MR was doing something really interesting where we were trying to fix this flashing issue with the drawer component on Safari. It was like edge case browser specific weird stuff. I don't know if you remember this.

[00:51] Student: But the proposed fix was adding this, which is also like man this is real kind of we're knee deep in trying to figure out how we can get things just working. And it's strange that we would have to add this. This is a little bit of a hacky line, but if we need it, we need it. And so I do feel like approaching this MR could have taken two different paths. One is just, well, it looks like this works, let's merge it. But this does seem strange, so I feel like it was at least worth asking a question. Simon directly addressed my question. Was like, okay, that's great. So then I was ready to merge this but I just wanted to test it all out in an integration. Just doing a smoke test of loading our updated GitLab UI package locally, would this affect existing drawers? And so like worst case situation is, you know, we make the drawer

[01:52] Student: situation worse.

[02:00] Student: Luckily I went through that process because I did run into, wow, for some reason this is causing an unrelated styling issue with drawers, where when you have that translate thing, you see it adds this scroll bar to the bottom.

[02:14] Student: And this is happening for all browsers, not just Safari.

[02:20] Student: Sometimes when we do these hacky things, it's worth considering what's the worst case situation that can happen and just testing it out. Because when we don't totally understand what's the change we're making, sometimes there's unintended side effects and those things pay off. Even if I didn't catch anything, chances are just getting in that habit and that discipline is worth it as well. Because when there is an issue, ideally we catch it before users start seeing it. So I thought this was interesting development in this MR and just wanted to encourage everybody it pays off to smoke test things.

[03:10] Student: Yeah definitely, very good point.

[03:16] Student: Yeah, does anyone have any questions or thoughts that they'd want to add on this topic or something else? I actually wonder what's going to happen next with this particular piece of workissue. And on this particular PR, what happened after you said, Okay, this fix does not fix anything. It actually causes another issue. What happens to this particular PR? That's a really good question. So I think I kind of just passed it off back to Simon. So this does fix the Safari issue, but it does seem like it introduces a new issue. And there's at one level we would decide is fixing the Safari issue worth introducing this new one based on severity of the new one, severity of the Safari one, and by severity is like those are very soft fuzzy words.

[04:18] Student: But then I think now Simon's gonna if he wants to tackle this, he will either A) need to think of another approach or just close the MR if he can't get to it anymore. That'll happen and we'll probably update the issue of like, we tried this, but this has other issues, so it doesn't work. Chances are there might be some sort of other hacky thing we could add on top of translateZ to need translateZ for some sort of weird Safari reason, but to stop it from doing these other things, we'll add more rules onto it. So chances are that's that's an approach that could be taken. But then now it is it is kind of in the balancing game of the amount of because these are kind of maintainability costs, the hacks that we're adding. And so the amount of costs we wanna take for this approach is interesting.

[05:18] Student: But, yeah, it's not great. It doesn't look great for GitLab when you do have just a by default Safari user running into issues like this. I'm, I'm, it is on Simon's plate. So I'm curious to see what he thinks. That's a good question. Yeah.

[05:38] Student: Another question, like, before this came to review, was this QA beforehand?

[05:49] Student: Was this was this, like, tested locally or, like, when you say QA? That's a really good question.

[06:00] Student: Usually MR authors will do a level of self testing.

[06:09] Student: And I think it was probably just tested in this context.

[06:14] Student: But at the same time too, an author, self testing your own stuff is always, even for myself, like, for everybody. Like, there's blind spots to I wrote the code, and now I'm testing it. Like, you're just gonna overlook you're you're for some reason, you end up just it helps to have the impartial viewer run through it, whoever that is. And so QA is a really great term to throw around because who is responsible for that? And I think we do expect a level like you see these screenshots that Simon included, so there is a level of QA that happened here. But how far does that need to go? It's a really great question. And this touches drawers. So I would say anything that has touches a drawer, it's worth just smoke testing it. Does this look okay? And when I say drawer, that's just a GitLab UI component.

[07:15] Student: And so it's really on the reviewer side too, if we review the code but also the functional integrity of it as well. Like, so we don't we don't have we in the spirit of keeping our team lean, like, don't really have manual testers that are and that's kind of we take on the mantle of being third party experts that can do the exploratory testing to reveal issues if there are any.

[07:55] Student: I have another question, and this is gonna sound like No, please do it. Keep going. You're doing great. Yeah.

[08:03] Student: Do you is there a, like, a guide on how to QA a front end change? Because I'm sensing that if you're changing something in such a crucial view, which is the drawer, it seems like a different browser should probably be the pretty important high priority check as well, especially given that we're kind of trying a pretty hacky way to fix this? That's a really good question. Do have It is in our I will see if I can find it. I don't trust my ability to search the GitLab docs really well. Let's see if I can do it.

[08:59] Student: Yes, yes.

[09:02] Student: Acceptance.

[09:11] Student: Maintainers are the DRI of assuring the acceptance criteria of a merge request is reasonably met. So part of that acceptance criteria is like, hey, is this going to cause browser specific issues?

[09:35] Student: And There's so much here. So you're asking a really great question because this is a very specific task of I wanna QA something that touches the front end. I imagine you're almost picturing like a checklist of like, let's test, does it work in Safari? Does it work in Firefox? Does it work in Chrome? And the answer to that is no, we don't have a task list for that activity. We more have like, here's our requirements we're trying to meet. And so make sure everything is reasonably going to meet those requirements. And so a lot is left to discretion, which is good because we're trying to lean towards maximizing our efficiency, I think putting human discretion in the loop is important for that. But it is very likely that that would be something worth elaborating of just a guideline for how things to think about

[10:36] Student: when you're wanting to smoke test. Like just did, if I'm wanting to smoke test just from the front end, hey this is reasonably okay. A guideline of steps to take is actually a really great idea. Gonna write it down. I need to write it down or I won't do anything about it. But I like that idea a lot. Yeah. Thanks for bringing that up.

[10:59] Student: Nice. It's always good to have a list, like a checklist even to just remember the steps. Yeah. But I understand in like when pushing a change that seems to be pretty alright, you kind of feel like, okay, probably will be okay in other browser. But if it's something as large, I would take the time. Also, it might be good to write up a bit of a guide on how to set up different browsers. I don't know if that's in place. I know. I'm 100% sure. Help the developer with that.

[11:41] Student: Yeah. That's a really, really good point. Thanks for bringing it up. I'm realizing a lot of our lists aren't, like, procedure lists of like you do this, then do this, then do this. It's more like here's our acceptance criteria lists. And I think that that's an an important distinction for maybe why the lists are difficult to follow.

[12:07] Student: Cool. Yeah, we have like a list of browsers that we support and screen sizes that we support. Yeah, yeah. So like we have that list and then it's kind of up to the reviewer or whoever to interpolate that into what you're going to be reviewing for. I can see how that a lot can fall through the cracks through that assumptions. That's interesting. Cool. And I had another question. Do we have anything like usual regression tests? I feel like you've asked this question before.

[12:47] Student: I say that because I think you have, and you asking it because it's such a good question and you're asking it because it'd be so nice to have.

[13:00] Student: So we have, because doing visual regression no I don't think it was you that asked this. Sorry Andre, I don't mean to throw you under I'm not trying to throw you under the bus. Let me rephrase that. Everybody asks that question because it is a good question.

[13:16] Student: And the answer is sort of. For the GitLab UI, one of the big wins we get with this component library is we can create visual regression tests for these components way more efficiently and usable than doing page wide regression testing of If I was make sense. But where things get really challenging is the devil is in those details of when all the page is interacting with each other, when all the CSS from the page, that causes So that was one other really surprising things with this. I could have just tested this just within the GitLab UI storybook. I don't want to run into this. For some reason in our context with other things

[14:16] Student: loading on the page, that's causing this issue. And so that full integration with visual regression testing, don't have really well. Yeah, I think we do have it for some components that are on the GitLab project. We do have like a storybook on the GitLab project, but our intention is to try to create components that we can create these storybook snapshots of rather than like taking snapshots of like a whole Capybara page because those end up those will end up having so many false negatives because so much changes with like each incremental Chrome version that gets run. Like when we explored this in the past, it wasn't the cost for running and maintaining that page wide regression testing was not gonna

[15:17] Student: the cost for that wasn't outweighing the benefit. And we were really interested in trying to isolate this at the component level, but there might be more cost effective ways to do this regression testing that we just need to explore. So it's a good thing to keep thinking about, of like how could we have automated catching this. It's a really good thing to think about. There are nowadays some new tools in the market for visual regression test that uses some machine learning capabilities to do a smarter comparison with snapshots and also better snapshots updates and whatnot. That's fancy. That's so freaking fancy. I'm out. Guess human brains are old school.

[16:09] Student: That'd be cool. Yeah, that'd be really cool. Highly recommend at any point at GitLab, I think generally our culture is very, we prioritize team wide initiatives. So even though we're like sliced to a specific group, bring up to manager and PM of like, hey, we should really set aside time to do this that will help our group and all of GitLab. And those things get prioritized and it's really good to see those initiatives happen. Doing an investigation of using one of those tools or something like that would be really cool. Okay. Yeah. I have a question. Now that we're discussing Hey, hi. Sorry for joining me. It's good to see you, Deepika. No, you're good.

[17:09] Student: I'm always in it's a little late here at this time, but I just thought I'd join today after the conference. Yeah, thanks for joining. I just have like we all like we've started reviewing the MRs and I just have this every time that sometimes it's there is a front end level for me. For example, Vue is I'm okay at Vue now because it was Vue. It is like new, but I'm not good at Ruby. So if I get an MR, which I see that a lot of backend changes and there is a front end level. And I don't think that I'll ask questions. I'll see that it runs, but I don't think I'm good enough to actually review it. Like, I'm not kidding. I would say, I don't know what word to use. Yeah. So sometimes I'm just forced to approve it, but I know a 50% in my end that I'm not 100% satisfied with the way I've reviewed it. What do we do in such cases? That is a really good question. I think we've

[18:10] Student: diverged a little bit from the MRs that are both active and active. I'm going to diverge just a little, I think that's its own topic. I just opened up an MR that I recently reviewed that had both. This is shuffling around some CSS pages so that we can take what was previously being added for every single application CSS, and we could put it on just, Hey, only the clusters page needs this, so we're moving CSS pages around. But then there's this backend change, and it's very easy for me to just be like, I have no idea what this is. I don't know what Rails is. I don't know what this double arrow thing is.

[19:09] Student: In those situations, and that will definitely come up. That's why we do have both the front end and back end review.

[19:21] Student: It's okay for me to identify this is outside my area of expertise, and so I want to make sure that someone that this is inside their area of expertise has reviewed and approved it. So looking back, I was like, I guess that's what we do. I've I've seen this before, but this is the back end maintainer at TN. I don't know how to say that name. Mhmm. And he approved it. And I was like, okay. This is inside his domain. He knows what he's doing. So I don't I'm gonna keep an eye on it, but I don't have that's not necessarily I will prove it knowing that like, almost delegating, like, my trust to that expert. Does that make sense? Yeah. But okay. So sometimes, like, I I'll show you an MRI which I just bought today and haven't Do you wanna share your screen? That would be amazing. Yeah.

[20:22] Student: Yeah. Simple. Yes.

[20:28] Student: Like, MRs like, such MRs, I just put it on the back burner for the late, and then I'm just not, like, happy doing it because, like, I'm through this. This is an MRI which I see only has, like, kind of back end changes, and they're very less. I would say, like, I saw I was okay. So there are no just the. So I don't know. When I saw the MR, I just understand this.

[21:11] Student: The pajamas component today, I'm just getting used to all the things. But I don't know a lot of things and yeah, but you see there are a lot of almost a lot of back end changes. I don't know, like, good enough to, like, review it. Yeah. And you don't you don't have and so I would say the way our process is is you are not you're not being asked to review the backend. You should just be concerned about the changes to the HTML HAML side the even frontend perspective. HAML's interesting where you do have both worlds clashing often, have not clashing, but you have the back end and the front end at the same time. And Yeah. So from that perspective, I would I would if if there were, like, heavy rails back end stuff happening on the HAML that I didn't feel like I was comfortable with, I would approve saying like,

[22:11] Student: hey, from the front end perspective, we're not changing anything here, so I'm approving. This is good. But can someone from the back end just confirm double confirm these changes? And I think that the back end reviewers are also tasked with reviewing the back end change of the HAML. So I think your responsibility here is almost like, are changing anything to the front end? Like, we adding anything to the front end? And it looks like it's not. So I think that's good. That's the big ask here, really. Yeah. But I also feel guilty about not like testing these like these kind of MRIs that we can like when I just check out, for example, I got a security MRI which I had no clue about and I was like I was like what do I do with this? I had to mirror the repo again and I ended up just approving because I asked questions

[23:11] Student: and I just got answers Yeah, like I know. So is it okay to prove it like that? I just feel I'm not doing justice to the review method then. Personally, yeah, that when I get a review, just check out, test it. That's the process that we do. So yeah, just wanted to bring it out. Yeah, yeah. I think you highlighted like one of the most important things, which is just asking questions like no one is expected other than maintainers. No one is expected to be. You don't even have to be an expert upfront. It's just about collaborating as someone that isn't familiar with the domain. Let's collaborate and ask questions about it. And it's really like that's the most important thing that can be done. But then also, as you start to become more and more familiar with it, then you can identify the issues, maintainability

[24:12] Student: issues, or even user facing issues that might come up with certain approaches.

[24:20] Student: When you first start reviewing MRs, that will be probably difficult to find, but you'll see maintainer comments after your approval. And it's over time you would want to try to see like oh the maintainer found this. Like, that's something I'm gonna register in the back of my head of like, oh, I gotta be looking out for this thing. And there's a lot of those things. So it's it's also just about getting a deeper, deeper understanding of how we view and look at these things. But, yeah, from from this MR yeah. These these MRs can be a little, like, daunting of, oh, man. 16 files changed. Gosh. But from the front end perspective, I'm like, it's a back end's problem.

[25:06] Student: Yeah, that sounds then I'm not the only one who's feeling that way, that's okay. No, no, you're good. Yeah. Yeah, with that perspective, would challenge all the front enders and the back enders to just let's try to gain some understanding of both sides of the stack because we do want to understand, hey, does the back end work with the scope of the front end changes that are happening? And how is the front end working with the scope of the back end changes that are happening? So keeping that context in mind is really helpful. So even though I was kind of joking about, oh, this isn't our problem, don't worry about it, I would hesitate to draw just a thick border of like, hey, back end, you do your thing, we're gonna do our thing. That's not gonna work. We do wanna try to understand a little bit, but your expertise in no way are you expected to be an expert in Ruby and Rails and stuff because that's that's not needed. Yeah.

[26:07] Student: Hope that was helpful. Hey, Katya. Yeah. Can I just throw something in? Please do. I'm pretty fresh from the onboarding stuff because I just started recently, and there is actually a note about this particular situation in the handbook. It basically says that if you're not comfortable reviewing a change because it's a different language, because it's like a little bit over your head, then basically don't be don't feel afraid to ping someone for the review because you're not comfortable doing it yourself. And I would recommend that as well, because at the end of the day, if you approve something and it causes some drama, it will be your name on it. It was approved by you. And you don't want that because if you're not sure that you're happy with the code. So and also, I think

[27:07] Student: don't quote me on this particular thing, but I think I read that the files that still live in the Ruby on Rails, even the front end stuff that lives in Ruby on Rails still belongs to the back end reviewers and not the front end reviewers. I might be wrong, but I feel like that's what I read. That's a really good thanks for bringing it up. And that is a really good point. Yes, definitely feel free to just say, I think this is outside my domain, let me ping someone else to review it. That's an awesome thing to do. We do that in front end all the time because the front end and back end too, like the scopes are so large that sometimes there's like a really detailed Apollo change and I'm like let's see if let's add this to Natalia's cube. She's gonna be able to review this well.

[28:04] Student: But to what you're saying about the, I think the HAML files are the ones that are in question of like, is this a front end or a back end asset? Is that, Kasia, is that what you were thinking is these HAML files? Yeah, I'll try to look it up, what I've read, just refer back to it and see if I can find that particular line. But I feel like I've read that that is still a back end consideration. Yeah, so I would say those files are, and they end up being both backend and frontend because those files can contain Ruby code. So the way that we've officially to sift the responsibility is the Ruby code side of those files as backend and the front end side is front end. But I would strongly encourage every front end engineer to use those HAML files to learn Ruby and you want to get really familiar with the

[29:06] Student: Ruby that intersects with those HAML files is going to be really helpful. Yeah. Thanks for bringing it up. That was a good question. I would also like to add that I think there is a way basically to restart the review roulette bot if you're unsure whom to suggest. So you can just enter that again and just find something. How do you do that? How do you restart it? Do you know how to do that?

[29:37] Student: Not from the top of my head, I'm pretty sure that there is this job basically that produces the danger output. And one of that part is the danger bot. So you just restart this part, and then it should be fine ish. Okay. But I need to double check because at least that was totally mentioned somewhere in the handbook that you can rerun the job. Are you all familiar with this thing? Yep.

[30:13] Student: Without waiting for the job or whatever, you can also just get a let me ping another front end reviewer and I'll just highlight all the reviewers' front ends and I'll spin the wheel. Oh, nice. I forgot about And I'll just get a new one. Yeah, that helps. That helps. We also have this cool feature where we can see the history of people's capacities, like the average capacity. Things get a little gnarly when we're like, oh, only 33% of maintainers are available. Something's not right. Would have been so cool to integrate it in the actual product. Yeah. Now you're thinking good thoughts, not like you were thinking bad thoughts before, but that is a really good thought. I've been thinking about it since I learned about the reviewerlet two years ago. Yes. Yeah. There's an issue for that. It's

[31:13] Student: such a great idea. It's worth bringing up if we can I can't find it? Okay. Now there's an issue to do that and that would be amazing. And it is worth for all these like supplemental automation tasks we've done to try to improve our code review experience. At some point, we really diverged from baking these features into the product to creating these bots, which is a little counter to our primary example of wanting to improve our product. That's a great idea. It would be so amazing to have a reviewer of Roulette baked into GitLab. I wish I had the issue. I'll probably I'll I'll find it. I'll add it asynchronously to the agenda. Cool. Yeah. Thanks, everybody, for the

[32:14] Student: interesting conversations. Does anyone have anything else they'd wanna add?

[32:21] Student: Okay, well I find myself at a crossroads because I have some really small MRs we could all review together. My wife is trying to call me because she is locked out of the house so I'm not sure what I should do right now. I'm actually gonna step out for ten seconds to let her into the house. But if you have an MR that you'd wanna work on, let me know. I'll be back in ten seconds.

[32:53] Student: That was a good one. Yeah.

[33:00] Student: How late is it on your side, Deepika?

[33:04] Student: It's like 07:10 p. M. Right now. Yeah, it's seven. And another reason I really don't get the chance to attend the pairing sessions and and on a Friday, it's just like I've already passed Not a good idea. Yeah. But then it's I I've been watching the videos for the past two weeks, so I just thought that I'll have to jump in one day. And, like, it is actually good conversations happening and, you know, we just want to, like, listening and taking part in it. So, yeah, so what time is it for both of you right now?

[33:43] Student: For me, it's twenty to four. Yep. Same. Okay. Oh, that's that's nice. Yeah. Sorry about that. Yeah. I don't know if y'all have time or interested in pairing on something together or or we could call it. Does anyone have any MRs I do wanna bring that we could review together? Not from my side yet. Not me either. Not yet. If you gotta you gotta you gotta share some some back end specific stuff to balance out how this there's a lot of there's a lot of front end happening in this meeting, which is unintentional.

[34:29] Student: Getting there. There. I can't participate. Okay.

[34:34] Student: Well, I'll share one of my MRs. And we'll just walk through one review and then call it. I actually don't have a lot of MRs this time because I've had to go at capacity, which I hate doing, but I had to.

[34:57] Student: This is one that I think is the only one that is somewhat relevant and interesting.

[35:09] Student: This was an MR that I guess is improving the accessibility of some of these work item views. I look at this and I see an MR with 10 file changes. I'm like, Oh man, all right, here we go. But then I see, Oh, it's just these kind of changes. That's great. So this is really trivial of we're just changing some classes or he mentions in the MR description, like, improved color contrast. The one thing that I left a comment about was previously we had these IDs, these HTML IDs, we had them static for every instance of these components.

[36:09] Student: And we're really, really bad at managing HTML IDs in GitLab. You're only supposed to ever have one of them globally in the page ever. And so I hate this. But if you do a search for notes, there's three notes elements in our page, which is like, we really need to try to get better at doing this. And the pattern that we use is using unique ID, which is a helper from Lodash to just always make sure every time this is called, it's always going to give us a unique version of the ID. And so we basically replace this ID that we're going to reference inside the component with that. So I linked to an example of where we do this to help communicate how

[37:09] Student: we would use this kind of how we would use this. And so I can see, oh, we made the change there. So he opted moving this to computed, which is totally fine. And so here's where that ID goes. And that ID is needed because all of these accessibility attributes need to point to references by ID. But that looks great. So now that we're having a unique ID is nice. We've got just a label update. This is no problem. Normally I review MRs locally, but when changes are like this small or just focus on these little tweaks, I don't find myself needing to do that as much. Here we had to do the unique ID thing.

[38:02] Student: Yeah. And so then here we have, I guess, a test for those bits where we did the unique ID.

[38:14] Student: And we could we could opt for adding a test that because here we're just asserting that the accessibility component, the accessibility property that's pointing to another element has that pointer, but we're not necessarily asserting that this is the ID of that other element it's supposed to be pointing to. That will be kind of nice to test for.

[38:54] Student: But I don't think that's a blocking thing because it's like, hey, we're improving you know, accessibility and user facing stuff a lot here. I think I'm just gonna leave this non blocking test suggestion of rather than just testing just this prop, maybe we should test that the aria labelledby matches the ID of the other elements rather than just this static to contain. Does that make sense? Yep. I think that's the only comment I'm really gonna make.

[39:29] Student: It'd be nice to assert that this ID matched the ID of or this matched the ID of the element it's meant to point to. Maybe it's something like this.

[39:56] Student: Expect find the props to equal find I don't know token labeler. That's not a good one. Oh, Something like that.

[40:26] Student: Yeah, on that note, I am going to also add a praise for it. Thanks for adding specs. All right. That's about it. So I don't really have any blocking things here. I wanted to ask a question, not review related, but I guess a general one. So do we import actually, or do we bundle the whole Lodash library in, or how do we? No, so that's cherry picked. Or not, what do they call that? They call it tree shakes. So here, because we're only importing the debounce export, that's the only bit that will actually get imported. Because we're only importing just the unique ID, that's the only bit that will get imported in the Yeah. There's lodash is a tree shakable library.

[41:27] Student: Call it tree shaking. I don't know why. Such a weird I feel like there's probably a more descriptive term than that. Yeah. Oh, well. Good question. And that's something to think about. And, we have some of these automated comments talking about automation outside the product project. We have some of these automation comments that help give us some perception on that. And this bundle size analysis is helpful of is anything changing significantly that we wouldn't expect? Like if I add an import, if all of a sudden we imported Monaco here, we would see some sort of change here for sure. Is it the g, so this is the JavaScript size? Yeah, these are like the webpack bundle size. Uh-huh, and that's before gzipping, right?

[42:27] Student: Or I hope at least. Yes, yes, yes. Yeah, yeah. That's a freaking lot of JavaScript that gets, you know It is a lot. I hate JavaScript, yeah.

[42:44] Student: I say that less JavaScript, less issues, right? Yes. What's your what's up, Deepika? Yeah. Sorry to interrupt. I just wanted to now that we are, like, looking at the bundle size, so when I started, like, working here, then I had this one question with my buddy, which happened to be Gong only. So I asked, you know, when I first ran so many pipeline analysis, how much focus do we give to this bundle analysis? I mean, do we ever say that, is that a valid review comment? Not that I'll do it, I'm just wondering if that is incorporated into Danger bot for some reason, right? So that you want to analyze that? That's a really good question. Let's see if we can look for comments talking about bundle size. Have you ever used this search before?

[43:46] Student: I'm gonna take that as So a I love searching for comments. Yeah, so here we go. It would have a really large impact on bundle size.

[44:09] Student: Yeah, here's one where we're really interested in reducing the bundle size. Show this. I want to show sometimes I look for comments. I'm thinking about a comment. I want to see do we have like any quote unquote precedence for kind of what I'm thinking of saying? And searching for comments is really helpful sometimes. Matching 10,000 comments is probably not. I would hopefully find some more specific thing to say there. But this this search works works really well. I really like it. But the answer to your question specifically is yes. Like, we are concerned about reducing it. And sometimes it's not that sometimes we will increase it because we need to because we need to do more on the page. But sometimes it's increasing and we're not meaning to, and it's because something happened and we're not expecting it to increase. And those are the things we wanna be really observing about. With all of that said,

[45:09] Student: this thing is flagged beta for a reason and sometimes can give off false positives and false negatives. So because of the way the merge pipelines work and how it's comparing what's on master with what's on your branch. And so don't take everything it's saying as as truth because, it's just a it's just a little indicator. Unfortunately, it's not super reliable on its own.

[45:40] Student: I'm sorry. Yeah, but then if there's like, if we see a large percentage difference, it's just like, it will be good to see what just happened. That is just so much difference. Yeah, Yeah. There's a cool there's a cool you can see the full report that gets pulled here, which is like for each one of the oh, so these are the largest entry points, or you can show for all the entry points, each one of our bundle page bundles, what changed. That's really cool. These are for our largest ones. Oh, the IDE. Oh, man. Yeah. Probably because of Monaco and other things.

[46:23] Student: Yeah. Cool. That's a good question. But I think this is good for me, though. I didn't test this, and I started this conversation talking about how important it is to test things.

[46:42] Student: But I feel like we don't have to, like I know that Kong is clearly tested through this and we're not doing anything out of the norm here. If we were doing something somewhat hacky, that's where I would want to do a smoke test for this. Since we're just changing CSS classes and we have tests for the ID stuff and we have screenshots here, this has already gone through other reviews. I feel okay. I don't I think the worst case scenario has already been mitigated, and so I'm not concerned about a worst case scenario here. So I I don't I personally don't feel like I need to manually test this.

[47:33] Student: I'm using discretion. But if you all think that makes me a hypocrite and I should manually test everything, then let me know. And because I'm I'm also a people pleaser, so I I would try to make you all happy.

[47:50] Student: But let's merge this more while we're on the call. So I think we're good. I'm gonna say thanks so much for working on this.

[48:04] Student: Thanks also for the ID change. I left a non blocking comment But otherwise, it's good to me. Thumbs up. I always leave a GIF. Let's use Kirby.

[48:26] Student: Approving and starting merge.

[48:34] Student: All right, we'll approve and we will start the merge. I want to be Yep, yep, sounds good. This was reviewed. So I did just look at the scope of this as testing accessibility stuff. And so this was reviewed by the UX team too. So that's telling me, Okay, This is pretty good. So as, like, a maintainer, I don't necessarily have to do all the work. I'm just making sure the work has been done, which is helps us be efficient. So I'm gonna approve. Ah, oh, I can't approve because I already approved. I run into that all the time. When we use the quick actions, it doesn't update the approval thing. Ah, it's so frustrating. Alright. We will use the original commit. I always like to include a reference to the MR URL because sometimes sometimes those get lost. But yeah. Oh, no. I was supposed to start pipeline. No. We're

[49:34] Student: supposed wait. Oh, wait. I wasn't supposed to click merge.

[49:40] Student: It's too late. Oh, well. Alright. Well, you guys just watched me circumvent our our process, but that's okay. I can always revert it if something bad happens. But I I doubt this is gonna cause anything bad. Thanks for hopping on and helping out. I appreciate you generating lots of interesting discussions and contributing to it, and maybe see you all next week. Thanks everyone. Bye bye. Bye.
