Lesson: lesson_20260904_213252
Saved: 2026-09-04 21:53:07

[00:00] Student: That might be the most important thing to be doing because I'm distracting and running away from one of the things that I fear most or maybe challenge me the most. And as I was lifting today, it kinda of just came upon me that, like, maybe the grass isn't always greener. And so I kinda of wanted to talk about this a little bit today. So I feel like in in our day and age to be doing because I'm distracting and running away from one of the things that I fear most or maybe challenge me the most. And as I was lifting today, it kinda of just. came upon me that, like, maybe the grass is isn't always greener. So And I kinda of wanted to talk about this a little bit today. So I feel like in in our day and age, we always have this ideology that, like, we need to have this and have that house and have that car and have that girlfriend or boyfriend or have all these extra things. Right? And I need to be super successful. Exuberantly

[01:00] Student: successful, more than anybody else. But then it kinda of came into my mind where I I've thought like this because if I didn't, I probably wouldn't be in the position I'm in. This is due to believing that I can attain and do and be more and so I take the steps to do that. But Then at the same time it also kind of became apparent to me that maybe the grass isn't always greener. I started thinking about times when I didn't have that much. Right? About my backstory, it was just me and my mom growing up. I have two other siblings that are eleven and thirteen years older than me. I grew up apartment hopping, living at the bottom half of a house with my mom. It was always just my mom and I. We never had much up until I was around moving going into fifth grade. we got our first house. She had bought a house in a semi-ran down neighborhood, but we got super blessed with this beautiful home and it was everything

[01:07] Teacher: you

[01:43] Teacher: Hello?

[02:00] Student: we needed. I mean, there's three bedrooms, maybe four. there was four bedrooms and three bathrooms and it was enough for my mom and I and it was amazing and such a privilege and beauty to live in. And I even remember back then, like, things were very simple. I I loved playing video games. I had all my friends around, and life was just great. I mean, it really was. Like, I had such an amazing childhood, and it's beautiful, kept on. And want you to comment down below when is enough enough to you? When is the grass not greener? When is it okay where you're where you're at? When is what you have enough and and good enough and you're are safe and protected and happy and blessed with that? Sometimes I feel like maybe my dreams are too crazy. but I know that's an amazing thing. I know that God wouldn't put these ideas into my mind for no reason. This is my

[02:51] Teacher: Mm.

[03:00] Student: plan, and my plan is going gonna look so much different than your plan. You know, you might have already achieved a lot of these things that I haven't gotten to yet, or vice versa. That doesn't mean that you and I aren't going to get to those places that we want to get to. Or achieve those goals that we have in mind, because it's all subjective and it's all on a different plan.

[03:21] Student: So, yeah. I hope that message kind of resonates with you. And you can just sit and think about it for a little bit. But when is the grass? not greener?

[03:21] Teacher: you

[03:36] Student: If it's a girl. Right? Sometimes we think that, like, yeah, I have a good thing here, but over there, maybe they're more fun or maybe they're more attractive or something along the lines of that. Then but when you go for that, maybe what you left behind was always so much more. And what you're chasing after was never really what you needed, but you already had what you needed to begin with. I'm just reflecting on this in my own life because I feel like a lot of these points can be kind of... useful in in my current situation. And if they make sense to you, then reflect on them. Accordingly. But, yeah, I love you guys, and I will see you in the next taste and talk. Take care. Have a great day. and. just know you're doing great. Later.

[04:13] Teacher: you you Thank you.

[04:23] Teacher: Thank you.

[04:38] Student: I wanted to just kind of speak with you guys today, speak with the viewers. Speak with really anybody that comes across this video, whether you're school, not in school, really anybody at any chance in their life. I just

[05:05] Teacher: you

[05:38] Teacher: you you

[05:57] Teacher: you Yeah. I'm not doing

[06:24] Teacher: Gotcha.

[08:43] Teacher: Conversation does

[09:58] Teacher: you Thank you.

[10:52] Student: So you you were very keen to discuss your career plans. And I'm wondering what you've been thinking about so far? Well, I have, I've given it a lot of thought, actually. Um, I know last time we talked about what direction I wanted to go in. I'm quite clear that I do want to get some managerial experience. That's the direction I want to go in. so I'm quite clear about that now. Okay. And what is it about managerial? That appeals to you? I I've spent a lot of time managing projects. And what I'd really like to do now is manage people. It's Something I haven't done before, but I'm really drawn towards it. So it's I really do need to get some experience in this and work out how I'm going to get there. Right. So your thoughts have clarified towards managing people. Yes. And I'm just wondering where that takes you now. What what are your thoughts now? Well, I need to figure out exactly what the steps are in order for me to get the experience so that when I go to interview that I can show you know, that I've got the skills required. So I need to do some research around that. Okay. And probably some training. as well. So some research and training. What kind of research do you feel you might need to do? Um, that's a good question.

[11:16] Teacher: you you you

[11:54] Student: Actually. I'm not sure at the moment. I could speak to my manager about that. Perhaps someone in HR might be able to point me in the right direction. So a little bit of prior research, really Yes. About the research. Yes. And how do you see this going forward?

[12:09] Teacher: You Thank you.

[12:13] Student: Well the first thing that I need to do really is to identify, um, you know, within my area, what are the options with regards to potential promotion. And to find out exactly what would be required for that role. And then find some training that's relevant to those new skills I need to acquire. So this sounds like the the beginnings of a good action plan. Yes. And I'm just wondering how you'll keep yourself on on track. Yes. Yes, As you know, I do have a lot on at the moment. So that that is... that is a bit of a concern about how I manage that. Mhmm. So what are the potential pitfalls here? Okay. Well, I mean, I'll be honest with you. Time management is not not not a huge strength of mine at the moment because of my workload. I really do need a very specific plan with timelines and I I need to spend some time prioritising. Okay. What so works best for you in terms of really managing your time? What really works best for me is when I can have this kind of situation where in in my coaching that you can... you know, help me identify what it is that

[12:13] Teacher: Thank you. Thank you.

[12:22] Teacher: Bye.

[12:52] Teacher: you you Bye.

[13:02] Teacher: you

[13:13] Student: I need to do and to keep help me keep on track with my timelines. It might help for us to have a talk around that, actually. Okay. And how else can I support you going forward? forward? Well, in our sessions, of course, it really helps when I can check in with you and I'm not that I expect you to chase me up, but it's good to have you know, to be accountable in our sessions and to have something to aim towards. Sure. Okay. So keeping you clearly on on track Yes. And getting things to aim towards. Yes. And what's the very next step? Good question. Okay. My next step has to be to speak to my manager. I'm going to book something in his diary, tell him that I've decided on what it what it is I want to do with my development, and find out from him, uh, what the possibilities are for some training. Okay. Sounds like a plan. Yeah. I'm really looking forward to it. It's Been helpful. Thank you.

[13:30] Teacher: you

[14:20] Teacher: you

[14:29] Teacher: you Thank you.

[14:46] Teacher: you

[16:31] Teacher: Thank you.

[18:06] Student: Hello, Tim. So we got a a relatively short session today. Um, what is it you want to get from the session? Well, I've been feeling generally dissatisfied, um, recently. So and I don't quite know what it is, but I I need to get more satisfaction at work. So you're feeling vaguely dissatisfied? Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. So that's quite a a vague subject, actually. I'm just wondering if we get could a bit more specific, what is it that you want to look at?

[18:35] Student: Well, I guess it's... it's to identify what's missing. Identify what's missing? Yeah. Identify what's missing at the moment because I I you know, my role hasn't necessarily changed. Recently, and I've been very happy in that role generally. But but something's not quite right. Something's not quite right. Exactly. So if we to were get really goal focused, for this session, what is it you'd want wanna be taking away? Well... what I'd like to know is is is what is it? What is it that's this? That's that's missing? And therefore, what, you know, what can I do to to become more satisfied in in in my role again? Okay. So as I hear it, what we're trying to do is look at what might be missing and causing you dissatisfaction Yeah. And identify a step towards getting what you want. Exactly. Yeah. Exactly. So can you just sub summarize that back for me? exactly What you want to take away? Yeah. So, um, what I'd like to do is is take take a look at things, understand what it is that that's, um, maybe missing at the moment. Okay. And get a get a clear step towards getting it back. So Okay, that's what going we're to do. look at what's

[19:00] Teacher: you

[19:14] Teacher: you you

[19:35] Student: missing and look at the next step to get it back. Exactly. Exactly.

[20:09] Teacher: Thank you.
