Lesson: test_20260822_223217
Saved: 2026-08-22 22:40:17

[00:00] Student: In closing the line,

[00:29] Student: So there's this watch guy living in China who's going absolutely viral on Chinese social media right now. For all the wrong reasons. His English name is Jackson, but online, he goes by Wang Niu, a Chinese name. And there's a reason why he wants to be identified as someone with a Chinese name rather than English one. I'll get into. But over the past two years, he's become a fairly popular Internet personality in with around a 170,000 followers on Douyin. Now, obviously, one of the reasons why he's popular online in China is because he's good looking. He's got blonde hair and blue eyes. He's muscular, and he claims to be a hundred and ninety three centimeters tall. Six foot four. So obviously, he's going to get some followers from girls, because of the thirst trap photos and videos that he posts. But the main reason he's so popular online is because his Chinese is very fluent.

[01:21] Student: He obviously has a bit of a foreign accent, but it's fluent and, as a Chinese person, I can understand him perfectly. And not only that, he also speaks in Internet slang. Which is not something you can just pick up after doing a few lessons on Duolingo.

[01:40] Student: Sir, as you can imagine, this is incredibly appealing to Chinese people online because Chinese people inherently just love seeing foreigners. Being able to speak our language. And this is mainly what has helped him accumulate such a large audience. And there's a lot of case studies like this, not just him, where a foreigner goes to China, speaks a bit of Chinese, and becomes a massive influencer.

[02:16] Student: But this Jackson Wong Shu Nil kid also posts a lot of content where he's wearing Chinese traditional outfits. Like the Han Fu. Now whilst some people in the West will call this cultural appropriation, in China, people online gave him the benefit of the doubt that he was doing this in good faith. So, of course, this immediately made but, hey, even I'm a bit jealous. But the reason why these men are jealous isn't because he's able to sleep with so many women. I mean, kind of is, but not really. Rather because in Chinese tradition, sex before marriage for women is still viewed as quite taboo. So generally speaking, the only way you get to sleep with that girl, if you're a guy in China, is to marry her. But the thing is, when a Chinese man is looking to marry, they're expected to produce a bride price. A tally, which is paying money to her in laws to get their approval. Which by the way is already frequently on top of providing a house and a car. And after all of that, the answer still could be no. So the anger towards him initially is because it's a foreign guy clearing the market whilst not even having to pay a single dime. And they're retaliating online, kind

[03:16] Student: of. Chinese men have decided to white knight themselves using AI to generate videos of themselves punching mister Oxford Pro Max here as he tries to hit on these Chinese women.

[03:34] Student: Then the anger swerved within a few days. A chunk of the discourse stopped discussing this Wangshun Liu guy. And started interrogating the women instead. Posts and comments like, what were they thinking? And why do Chinese women always favor foreigners started popping up. Even Hu Xijin, China's former editor in chief for the Global Times, China's largest state media newspaper, commented on the story. He said it reflected a broader issue. China still needs to develop its economy and become more in order to build a stronger collective confidence. What he seemed to mean was that because China used to be relatively poor, some people tended to put Western foreigners on a pedestal which

[05:49] Student: actually has some basis to it and not just nationalist propaganda. As I'll talk about later. So after the scandal broke, Wang Shuan Yew privated his account and wiped all his videos. And whilst I'm sure a lot of it had to do with the amount of hate he was getting, I Chinese person. However, recently, he was exposed as someone who was not only a fuck boy, but also technically a rapist. So what exactly did he do? According to the accusations circulating online, he slept with more than a 100 women across China. And according to those same accusations, he either refused protection or would stealth it. Which if you didn't know, is when you tell someone you're wearing a condom, but midway you take it off without them knowing. Which is why I think he's a rapist. But technically not, because in China, this isn't classified as rape. But if you did it in somewhere like Australia or The EU, this by legal definition is rape. Anyway, he's a white guy, so obviously his pullout game isn't going to be the best. So inevitably, he gets a bunch of these women pregnant. And when these women tell him she got pregnant, his reoccurring strategy is to block them and move on So several

[06:49] Student: women have now come forward all at the same time, and the story has detonated on Chinese social media within the past few days. Now some who have come forward view themselves as victims. As they should. But, of course, that's not the same with all of them. Some simply thought it was a funny shared experience they all had with one influencer. Because he's also infamously known for being very cheap and stingy and always purposely going to an expensive restaurant with the women on a date but making the girl foot the bill. And thus, a lot of anger online isn't coming from the women. Rather, a lot of Chinese men are the ones furious.

[07:41] Student: And obviously, this just
