Lesson: lesson_20260820_132216
Saved: 2026-08-20 13:28:21

[00:00] Student: College. Y'all getting interviews. You're so funny, aren't you? Begin but the companies that have apparently solved coding. Believe it or not, these two goobers love hiring software engineers. But to get that salary, each round is like fighting the ninjas from Spider Man, but instead Peter Parker, you're net. Now despite Reddit being the sewage for software engineering discourse, I found it to be at least semi reliable when it comes to interviews, because I went and spoke to a few people that actually got a job at these companies, and the interview process is similar to what's been said. The first interview I wanna take a look at is for a platform engineer role at OpenAI. It's four rounds and it kicks off with a take home assignment, where this redditor was asked to build a webhook delivery in under forty eight hours. A webhook delivery system is an automated system that sends information to another application when a specific event occurs. You can think of it as a snitch that tells a teacher whenever you do something wrong, more practically speaking, whenever you order something, Stripe uses webhooks to coordinate between the bank and the vendor to make sure you can purchase your gamer girl feet juice in time. Now, after they finished off their homework like a good little boy, OpenAI sends one of their thugs to whiplash you through it all. Basically, a senior engineer from OpenAI grilled them

[01:00] Student: on a line by line basis on why they wrote the code they did. It's at this point if you used AI to interview for an AI company, you're cooked. If you're crack enough and actually implemented it from scratch, you unlock the third interview. System design. This was apparently the hardest round and I can see why. They were asked to design an in memory database with basic SQL commands. And no, bro. The answer is in PIP install SQL lite. In the end, bro didn't get the role for a lack of experience. But I commend him for making it through these rounds. To me, man, just reading that felt brutal. But you have to remember, OpenAI is a nonprofit after all. To have the privilege of lining mister

[01:30] Teacher: Blah

[01:30] Student: Dario's

[01:30] Teacher: blah

[01:31] Student: pocket

[01:31] Teacher: blah.

[01:31] Student: over here, you have to go through a lot more. Otherwise, his wife will go look for funding again.
