Lesson: lesson_20260918_010427
Saved: 2026-09-18 01:20:03

[00:00] Student: I know you? You don't have to pretend like you don't, know me, which is a common thing people say when I catch them looking at me. And if you continue to insist that you have no idea who I am, don't then say, wait. Are you from that show Mindhunter? Because no. Those were different serial killers. Not not that I'm a serial killer, just a man who loves knowledge. To which you might reply, do you want butter on the popcorn, sir? And I'll use usually say, no. I just watched the Paw Patrol movie. I already had popcorn. And if at that point, you're too stubbornly shy to admit that you are a fan of my long, form short-form, form sixteen by nine content. Don't lie by accusing me of bringing two large jars of sauerkraut into the Paw Patrol movie. Would someone who ate two large jars of sauerkraut in the paw patrol movie be holding two empty jars after watching the paw patrol movie? Look, I'll say, I know you're a fan. It's okay to come over and say hi. And if you flatly ignore me after that point, I know it's because I've been an inspiration to you, and you're a huge fan. and you literally are speechless. So just don't do any of that. Okay? I mean, I've only been recognized once in public, but I assume these

[00:12] Teacher: Thank you.

[01:09] Student: These instances will happen a lot more in the future. Instead, just just come up and say hi. And if I'm with my family and friends, of whom I have multiple, insist that I am the sole reason you are literate, please. Yeah. That's pretty much it. Thanks, everyone.

[01:36] Student: I'm pleased to introduce an exclusive interview with the CEO of the Giant AI Corporation, Leap Blur, who recently, after strong warnings made by several of his own employees, is calling on the other major AI giants to slow down on AI evolution at the risk of, quote, killing all humanity.

[01:54] Student: That's right, too. Bleep blorp is developing at a rapid pace, and Tony. a few months ago, you said that AI could create world peace. Well, from the perspective of an AI, no more humans would make the world quite peaceful. Right? That's fucking deep, man. Nah. But there's like a ten to ninety% percent chance that ninety% nine percent of humans will be dead from AI AI-related factors. In six hundred to four hundred thousand months. You're saying the AI will kill people. I'm saying that if a human dies from an AI-related related event, don't blame me. In fact, let history recall that I'm asking for government regulation. You hear that, William? When is any giant industry collectively called for regulation on itself? That means we're serious about how fast and good our AI is. Let me repeat. This shit works good. And by works, you mean killing us. eventually. Oh, nice. The story.

[02:24] Teacher: Thank you.

[02:51] Teacher: you

[04:01] Teacher: you

[04:26] Student: Good morning, Hank. It's Tuesday. Today's video comes to you in three very special parts. Part one, seven days. Hank, in one week, my first novel in nine years, Hollywood ending, will be out in the world and I will be touring the country. The reviews so far have been exceptionally generous, which has slightly dulled my constant gnawing anxiety. If you'd like to see me on tour or- preorder a signed copy of the book. you can do so at the link in the doobly. doo. Part two, the ratio is dead. Hank, when you make content on the same platform for twenty consecutive years as we have, you start to notice some oddities. And many years ago, I made a video about a phenomenon I'd noticed on YouTube called the ratio, wherein there is a consistent ratio between the number of likes a video receives and the number of views that video receives. This ratio, by the way, only... holds if you don't ask people to like your video, which we don't because there are more interesting calls to action in the world. So at least on our channel, consistently over the last twenty years, one person liked the video for every ten people who watched it. So if a video had ten thousand likes... it had a hundred thousand views. This ratio

[05:26] Student: has been so consistent and persistent over the years that if I wanted to know how much money a video made, I didn't need to, like, go into analytics or anything. I could just multiply the number of likes times thirty because I knew that for every person who liked it, ten people would watch it, and for every thousand people who saw it, it would make about three dollars. But over the last year or so, the ratio started to change because fewer people are liking the videos that they watch. There are a variety of reasons for this. Many times people are watching on televisions where it's hard to like a video, or they're watching on their phones where it may be more difficult. Some of it may be because people feel less like a participant in the video than they did in the old days, which is... part of a broader problem that I'll get to. And some of it may just be because we don't ever say smash that like button and people forget to smash that like button, which is fine, by the way. Don't I think it affects views much. So the ratio has been dying for a while, but as of the last month, it is well and truly dead because YouTube has changed the way they calculate views. They have... borrowed from Instagram and TikTok TikTok. instead of counting views after an unknown number

[05:32] Teacher: you

[06:06] Teacher: Thank you.

[06:26] Student: of seconds watched, probably around twenty, five, they now count views if anyone watches any frame of a video. As a result, view counts across the platform have skyrocketed in the last month. Like, if you look at my most recent video, it received one point two million-ish ish views, which is incredible. But there's actually a tab on the analytics that allows you to see how many old views you got. How many so-called called engaged views. And if you go to that tab, you find out... that in the old way of counting, the video has received about three hundred eighty thousand views. So like two two-thirds of the tab on the analytics that allows skyrocketed you in the last month. Like, if you look at my most recent video, it received one point two million million-ish views, which is incredible. But there's actually a tab on the analytics that allows you to see how many old views you got. How many so... called engaged views, and if you go to that tab you find out that in the old way of counting, the video has received about three hundred eighty

[07:26] Student: thousand views. So like two-thirds thirds of the views on that video would not have counted as views a month ago. So we're getting way more views, but not in a way that generates more revenue or more deep engagement with the community or any of that. In fact, most of these views are kind of trash views, which is also the case on Instagram and TikTok. By the way. So no longer does a thousand views mean three dollars. These days, a thousand views means about... ninety cents? Still, it feels good to be told that over a million people watch your video even though fewer than four thousand act watch it. So the other day on Instagram, I got a message from Stephen Bartlett. This week, we're going gonna do something different on this podcast. This podcast is about this podcast. And of some you might know the backstory. So in January, I made a thirty 30-minute video about Diary of a CEO. You know what's wild? Is that right now, we are living through the most documented era of success advice in the history of the human race. Every morning... millions of people

[08:24] Teacher: Thank you.

[08:27] Student: wake up, plug in their earbuds, and mainline interviews with the most successful people on the planet. And the argument in the video was roughly this. Stephen's podcast claims to be about how to succeed as a CEO and, you know, in life in general. But I say that isn't, it isn't what it claims to be. I say it uses a superficial representation of success to sell you products. This product called Daily Greens is one of the most highly requested products at Huel, but it's never been sold in the UK before. until... now. And then a few weeks ago, I said a shorter version of that thesis in a podcast interview with Jimmy the Giant. Right? And the clip went viral on Instagram and got a million views. Is Dario a CEO keeping people poor? Yeah, totally. Diary of a CEO is basically gaslighting you into thinking that you are the reason that you're not getting rich. His his book is like the thirty three laws of business and success. Wow. The idea that there's a successful thing.

[09:27] Student: I wake up at five in the morning, I cold plunge my dog. I kind of, like, I bathe in warm piss. Did you know what that optimizing does? The psychology of optimizing. firstly, it tells you it's all your fault. Yeah. If you're not doing it, you haven't got it because of that reason. Right? And so it gives you a framework to blame yourself. That's first. Right? Which is fucking sinister. And then Stephen Bartlett replied. Four laughing emojis. That is not the title of my book. And it doesn't mention any of those things. Rolling on the floor, crying laughing emoji. But, yes, my guests talk a lot about how to be healthy on my show. Which I think is a great goal to have. We also talk about aliens, politics, business, investing, football, AI, and lots of random things. And, honestly, I was a bit surprised to get it. because, firstly, why is a man with an audience of tens of millions and, according to Forbes, forty five million dollars a year annual income? from his podcast alone, doing five emojis worth of not caring

[10:27] Student: about a comedian that he's never heard of at half past midnight. Secondly, though, why does he feel the need to defend himself? Like, what am I going gonna actually do to him? I'm a gnat. On the elephant's behind. By the way, though, it was only one word that I got wrong from his book title. I called it the thirty three laws of business and success. It's the thirty three laws of business and life. I sincerely apologise for understating the ambition. But even then, it doesn't change anything about what I was saying. Like, I And found the whole thing really weird. Right? So I replied... I can't be sure this is a real Stephen Bartlett because you didn't mention Huel. I'm sorry. I couldn't help myself. I did the cheap social media thing and took a pop. But actually, I wish I hadn't taken that pop. Because the more I thought about it, the more the whole interaction kind of bothered me. Because firstly, who are either of us actually talking to there? And

[11:27] Student: I realized something. That is going gonna take this video to explain, and this is a big one. And because of that, there are more studies than usual. So this week, I'm going gonna tell you the truth about everything. After all, this podcast was founded on truth and honesty, and I've not seen any other podcasters tell you the things that I'm about to tell you about this business, about this medium, and about this industry. Like me, you're... you're probably going gonna start off thinking that this video is about Stephen Barlett. And then you're probably going gonna think it's about me. But What it's actually about is way more fucked up than that. So without further ado, I'm Stephen Bartlett. I hope nobody's listening. But if you are, then please keep this to yourself.

[12:12] Student: So the first question I want to ask is... why did I feel so comfortable taking the piss at of Someone that I haven't met. And the answer is because I feel in a weird and completely one-sided way, I kinda know him. So in nineteen fifty, six, two researchers at the University of Chicago, who are Donald Horton and Richard Wall, were watching this brand new thing called television. And They began to notice something odd about how audiences talked about presenters. People described presenters like they were friends. They even worried about them. They felt, and this was the word that Horton and Wall kept hearing, they felt known by them. And they gave it a name. They called it the parasocial relationship, which is a relationship with all

[13:00] Teacher: Thank you.

[13:10] Teacher: you

[13:12] Student: of the, like, cognitive machinery of intimacy running.

[15:17] Student: Hi, everyone. Anthony Fan here, the Internet's most disappointed music nerd,
