Lesson: lesson_20260918_004751
Saved: 2026-09-18 00:52:25

[00:00] Student: no Baseline understanding of female anatomy. So the female hormone cycle lasts roughly like a month, right? And so you have your period. I know. Ew. Oh my god. Disgusting. Shut the fuck up. Okay. So that lasts probably a week. Right? Actually, so that, the period itself, personally, not that bad. Not that bad. But okay. Oh, so your period starts, that's one week. The next week, another oh, week goes by. Right? You're off your period. And it's all building up towards ovulation. Which is when the female gooning cycle peaks. Right? So, like, when you're ovulating, that's when you're gooning, I don't know, like, four to ten times four to ten times a day. Like, you're going you're going like crazy during the ovulation. Portion, and then, like, it kind of declines and then the week before your period happens. So so four weeks total, right? The first week is your period. The second week is leading up to the Gooning cycle So you're going more and more, more and more every day leading up to the ovulation, and then ovulation you're going like crazy. And then

[01:39] Teacher: Bye.

[02:49] Student: You know, I thought it it'd be like any other Thursday night. You know, you always see this type of stuff on the news. You never everything's it's gonna happen to you. I thought it was going to the happiest place on earth, and... that's what Mickey Mouse touched me. love you. And I liked it. Oh Okay, can you do the Mickey voice again? Can we not right now? Keep going, keep going. I'm telling a heartfelt story here, and you're getting this angry. Hey, that's great. Can you angle? your legs a little bit more for me? Okay, that's what Mickey said. Are you just zooming in on my cock right now? Can we not? This is an invasive man. I'm shot. to ask you a trauma dunk. Who at home even wants this shot? It's Netflix. Now do the Mickey sound.

[02:52] Teacher: you

[03:42] Student: Welcome back to the great British Bake Off. I'm your host, Tuesday, Neville Bottom. It is now time for the final round, and it where our chefs will prepare their best meal. Bruvs, are you ready? Yes. Bruv. Bruv approved. Oliver, Bruv, what have you prepared for me tonight? So I've taken a risk here, bro. Today I've prepared for you one of my favourites, favorites. Beans on toast. In fucking credible. Blood fucking brilliant, Rob. Tell me, what was the inspiration behind the beams and the taut? The inspiration behind this was quite complex, actually. I went to the cupboard and I had some beans. And one piece of bread and I toasted it. And I have beans on toast. It's amazing. Most people would see one and see the other. And you said, bro, we see them together. It just came to me in a dream. I like beans and I like toast. It's here, beans on toast. May I have a bite
