Lesson: test_20260902_000550
Saved: 2026-09-02 00:12:21

[00:00] Teacher: Very early in the morning, I came down from my flat in Central London to where my car was, the garage. Yeah. I went in there. Sat in the car with my hand over the ignition. Brought down a duvet, which is one of those preposterous details that always accompanies something like a grand gesture or a grand attempt to kill yourself. You have to think about it. I thought, well, if I have the duvet,

[00:27] Student: Stopped the air getting in.

[00:32] Student: And this image of my parents staring right in at me. Alright. Sat there for least I think, two hours in the car. With my hands on the ignition key.

[00:48] Student: And so I decided not to do it.

[01:15] Teacher: I drove to the South Coast get a ferry. Oh, it's a suicide. Attempt. It was not I just delayed it The developers calling away to die. They don't want to be seen. It's all primal feeling of

[01:58] Teacher: Tina, now I'm going to give you a topic, and I'd like you to talk about it for one to two minutes. Before you talk, you will have one minute think about what you're going to say. You can make some notes if you wish. You understand? Here's some paper and pencil for making notes. And here's your topic I'd like you to describe an interest or hobby that you enjoy.

[02:29] Teacher: Alright, Tina? Yeah. Remember, you have one to two minutes for this, so don't worry if I stop you. I'll tell you when the time is up. Okay. You start speaking now, please? Okay. My interest hobby that I enjoy is shopping and a big need to spend time with my family or friends. Or especially I want to do volunteers. For shopping, I think when I feel straight out, I can shopping. I can relax. With the to buy a new clothes for me. In the special days. And in picnic, I think picnic and travel, I think I can widen my knowledge as well as I can make more friend from many countries. And especially if I travel with my friend or my family, I can spend time to understand them. And for me, the the more important is to

[03:29] Teacher: volunteer because I love actually, I love the people. So I want to spend time to help them to overcome or try to get over the problem. So I offer in before when I live in Vietnam, I often go to the church and or some association and I I can I often ask my friend to to contribute and give a hand to help the poor people or the old people? Because I think old people also might it's like my grandparents I want to take care for them. Yeah. And in the future, I also want to build them the drive an interest or hobby, that you enjoy.

[04:21] Student: Alright, Tina? Yep. Remember, you have one to two minutes for this, so don't worry if I stop you. I'll tell you when the time is up. Can you start speaking now, please? Okay. My interest or hobby that I enjoy is shopping picnics to spend time with my family or friends, or especially I want to do volunteers for shopping. I think when I feel straight out I can shopping. I can relax with the to buy a new clothes to for me in the special days. And in picnic, I think picnic and travel, I think I can widen my knowledge as well as I can make more friends from many countries and especially if I travel with my friends or my family I can spend time to them and for me, the the most important is to

[05:21] Student: volunteer because I love Actually, I love the people. So I want to spend time to help them, to overcome or try to get over the problem so I offer before when I live in Vietnam, I often go to the church. And or some association and I can I often ask my friend to to contribute and give a hand to help the poor people or the old people? Because I think old people also might looks like my grandparents, so I want to take a look care for them. Yes. And in the future, I also want to build the the the the the big house, and I will I will maybe I will take the root care for old family or the

[06:21] Student: or
