Lesson: lesson_20260918_005827
Saved: 2026-09-18 01:03:09

[00:13] Student: Time to motivate- absolutely no one. Rise and grind, grind and rise. If you don't rise then there's no gr- grind. If you don't grind, there's no grind. I don't need to watch motivational YouTube videos. I am a motivational YouTube video. without ads. YouTube premium, bitch. Ah The only time success comes before work is in the dictionary. and I can't read. I like working out because it makes me feel like a man. My dick must be an alarm clock. Because at five AM. it's up. I don't need a rooster to wake me up. I'm my own cock. God. The only pre pre-workout I need is a mirror. Don't be a fucking bitch. I live by the seven M's. Manifest, meditate masturbate. M M&Ms m's. The green one can get.

[01:47] Student: It's time to beat my meat. In the words of Michael Jackson, just meat it. I'm sucking glizzies. Five a.m. breakfast.

[02:05] Student: What's up, guys? Today, we're doing a Get Ready With Me man edition. And I start my day off by waking up, which is, I guess, how most people start their day, except maybe Benjamin Button. Guess and I you would probably start his day by, well, going to to sleep. I wouldn't know. I've never actually seen that movie. You you know, there's a lot of good movies I've never seen. Like, uh, to this day, The Truman Show, Jim Carrey, classic. There's A lot of good movies I've never seen. Like, to this day, The Truman Show, Jim Carrey, classic. Never seen it. What else have I not seen? Hello? Sorry. What are we doing again? Get ready with me. Right. So I start my day off by getting a fresh pair of clean clean-ish clothes. Then I take a nice, calm, relaxing morning shift. I don't need to shower this morning because I showered last night or Saturday or Thursday. One of the four. Then I get some morning energy. either a coffee or a white monster. It's funny, I start my days with a white monster in my mouth and end my days with a black monster. In my ass. Then after drinking three hundred milligrams of caffeine in eighty seven seconds, just as an intended, I need to

[03:06] Student: take another morning shit. Oh god, Next, please kill I me. take a look in the mirror, and, uh... well, I don't have any acne that I need to to cover up with makeup because I'm a guy, or because I don't paint my face daily, which could definitely cause acne. It's funny how the same people that sell acne products are the same ones that sell makeup. Almost like they create problems so that they can sell the solution to you in a product you need to buy for. them.

[03:09] Teacher: you

[03:32] Student: I'm trying to think. Else. There's not really that much going on. Here's a cool transition I made. Put on semi clean clothes, shit, coffee, shit. That's pretty much a guy's morning routine.

[04:01] Student: Are you still recording? Oh, shit. My bad. Are you are you done? I finished my morning routine, like, seventy minutes ago. This video should be, like, a thirteen second song. Why are you still recording? Honestly, kinda of wanted to see the black monster part. You just made that up and said it. There is no black monster. Goddamn Ah, it. He's not black. He's Mexican. Oh.
