Lesson: lesson_20260819_220229
Saved: 2026-08-19 22:12:29

[00:13] Student: We're only one month into 2026 and already it feels like the year of less. Less scrolling, less shopping, less posting, less consuming, I'm not the only one that has noticed this shift. If you've spent any time online lately, you've probably seen posts like this or maybe like this one. People seem to be getting offline more. Picking up analog hobbies, sharing slower routines, buying bricks, and reclaiming their time and choosing to live in the moment. Yes. Without sharing it. In short, it's cool to be offline now. And there's a reason this shift is happening. The average person now spends about two hours and fourteen minutes per day just on social media. And researchers have linked excessive scrolling with short attention spans, mental fog, and weakened focus, aka brain rot. Studies also suggest that this frequent screen usage trains the brain for constant novelty making it harder to engage deeply with long form reading, sustained tasks, or real life conversations. Yeah. We can't even talk to our friends anymore. And this is exactly why so many of us are craving something slower, something real,

[01:13] Student: something offline. Because when AI begins replacing family recipes or art drifts away from personal expression when twenty minutes of scrolling could have been a chapter read. And when the news feels so overwhelming in a optimized entirely for attention, the best thing we can do is simply step away. And once we do, we notice how full our life becomes. We stop comparing, creativity comes back, ordinary moments start to feel really meaningful again. We're more patient, more present, more kind, So let me extend this invitation to build a life that exists more line than online. In a way that feels realistic, intentional, and to be honest, a little addicting. So here's the small changes that I've made that made the biggest difference for me and how being less connected online helped me feel more present in my everyday life. If this feels familiar, you're not alone. Think a lot of us are relearning how to enjoy our offline life more than our online one. We're just gonna jump.

[02:17] Student: Right into it, because this is a topic I've been wanting to talk about for quite a while. I've posted a little bit about it on Instagram and TikTok here and there, but I think having a longer form video about my experience, what I've been learning, what I've been doing, and kind of just sharing a little bit about

[02:55] Teacher: Hello? Are you there?

[03:25] Student: My phone was quietly stealing my life. Noticing people joining what felt like an analog rebellion And that's when I knew it was time. It was time for my own mega cool analog system to steal my life back from my phone. For the first time in his life, strictly no phones in the bedroom. I knew sleep was critical for this

[06:08] Student: Many sing

[06:20] Student: Things in life come in threes. What do you answer when you get asked that? See, when you're a kid, the answer His anxiety and paper rock? And me. Got any hobbies? Yeah, actually. I make videos. Outside of work. Oh, nice. How often do you do that? Know, I try and make time for it. Oh, yeah? Obviously, like, think the only time I get is Many things in life. Come in threes. Do anything. Part of me out of the equation Would you like me to But maybe that's not true. Although we may not have time to me to Marcus with you a reminder. The final Would you like me to mark as But maybe that's not true Although we may

[09:36] Teacher: Okay. That's to work.
